things are stirring for the eight-year
old female 2gk she arrived in the group
just two months ago and Martha's log
shows that up until now she's been
keeping a low profile but today she only
has eyes for Rocinha has silverback
leader the way she's staring at him like
that that's classic solicitation very
subtle as gorillas are she wants to mate
I'm not sure he does advancing on him
she tightens her lips and stares
straight into his eyes sure signs that
she wants to mate
but Rocinha x' group contains plenty of
females for him to choose from
and he doesn't appear especially
interested finally Rutina relents true
GK's entered a period called e's
interests a monthly occurrence for the
realism and the only time they can get
pregnant and usually they'll mate about
once an hour for the next few days to
GK's sole aim will be to mate they are
very active in soliciting the male's so
yeah it is almost like there it's a
different gorilla from one day to the
next depending on if they're in estrus
or not possess by her hormones she turns
once more to the silverback but he's not
interested
- GK we'll have to look elsewhere
she decides to try her luck with the
more junior gorillas the black backs
- GK might not know any better but the
black back is only too aware that if he
gets caught they'll be trouble the
dominant silverback holds priority and
won't put up with this sort of behavior
despite routine his efforts to break up
the young couples embrace sneaky mating
does happen genetic tests have revealed
that about 15% of infants are not
fathered by the dominant silverback
[Music]
you